README.md, before:

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
    
  # EmployeeTracker #


  ## Description ##
  EmployeeTracker is a Node application used for tracking and managing employees, departments, and roles within an organization. The user can add employees, they can edit roles, change salaries, etc. 
      
      
  #### Table of contents ####
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
      
      
  ### Installation ###
  The required dependencies for this application are: console.table, inquirer, and mysql. Clone the repo and install the required dependencies. Once the repo is cloned and the dependencies are installed; the user can run server.js (using node server.js) to begin managing their employees. The user must update their MySQL credentials in the index file as well before the app will function.
      
  ### Usage ###
  From the command line the user has a few options when they run the program:
  1 - Add Department (the user can add a new department). 
  2 - Add Role (deleting it from the db).
  3 - Add Employee
  4 - View Department
  5 - View Employee 
  6 - View Role
  7 - Update Employee Role

  ### Credits ###
  * Starter code. My friend Josh. The UofA.
      
      
  ### Test ###
  * There are currently no tests and no plans to add tests at this time.

### Licenses ###
  GNU GPL v3
  Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.

  ### Questions ###
  For further questions you can contact me at:</br>
  GitHub: [ABGABBARD](https://github.com/abgabbard) </br>
  Email: [abgabbard@gmail.com](abgabbard@gmail.com)</br>

Commit message:

added video link to readme

README.md, after:

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
    
  # EmployeeTracker #
You can see a demo video of this application here: [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jdkPwQdXmghV_NCanvgt0NFNeagjDb3N/view?usp=sharing)

  ## Description ##
  EmployeeTracker is a Node application used for tracking and managing employees, departments, and roles within an organization. The user can add employees, they can edit roles, change salaries, etc. 
      
      
  #### Table of contents ####
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
      
      
  ### Installation ###
  The required dependencies for this application are: console.table, inquirer, and mysql. Clone the repo and install the required dependencies. Once the repo is cloned and the dependencies are installed; the user can run server.js (using node server.js) to begin managing their employees. The user must update their MySQL credentials in the index file as well before the app will function.
      
  ### Usage ###
  From the command line the user has a few options when they run the program:
  1 - Add Department (the user can add a new department). 
  2 - Add Role (deleting it from the db).
  3 - Add Employee
  4 - View Department
  5 - View Employee 
  6 - View Role
  7 - Update Employee Role

  ### Credits ###
  * Starter code. My friend Josh. The UofA.
      
      
  ### Test ###
  * There are currently no tests and no plans to add tests at this time.

### Licenses ###
  GNU GPL v3
  Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.

  ### Questions ###
  For further questions you can contact me at:</br>
  GitHub: [ABGABBARD](https://github.com/abgabbard) </br>
  Email: [abgabbard@gmail.com](abgabbard@gmail.com)</br>
